as promised they are to register and to
tell you in the second video how it is
prepare a quality sandwich here at
this point we are at home we are not at
bar and we can choose how
balance the amount of protein e
then those that come from the ham
from another salon and from cheese
compared to carbohydrates here you keep
present a rule so coarse that
for every 15 grams more or less of bread
you can put about 30 grams of
proteins therefore of cheese
recognized a mixture between the two
this will allow you to create
sandwiches both for you but also for yours
children who perhaps choosing the good
ham of good cold cuts and choosing
or some good cheese using a
good quality bread or that you make yourself in
home you or maybe you can buy e
today there are more and more bakeries that
make bread with sourdough and then
you can buy some bread with pasta
mother using this bread with the
you will have much less dough
swelling in the belly when you eat
this sandwich and so here if
you will use the rules I gave also
in the first in the first video you find
in our channel and that you go to see
which you can find by saying how
eat the sandwich video what happens
that you see that you have to chew for a long time
and chewing for a long time at least then
10 15 also see thirty times each bite
you will also enjoy the pleasure of
enjoy neither food you have also chosen
best for you and your children
with these balances you will see that i
your children at school will be more lucid
you at work will be more lucid because
you have stimulated insulin as little as I have
already explained in the pasta video
had to finish the pasta dish
clearly if this sandwich praise him
take fishing trips to your children right away
after a sports activity
the amount of bread can be
higher than this I have just
described that is very well stuffed but that
however it allows you to get everyone
these advantages as I say as usual
in the next video you find at this
link
here is what position here
you will find and see it see it
especially those with computers
on the phone is not found but is found
however on the channel the third video
video how to make sandwiches of
very high quality and so we will go to
see how to choose well the
The ingredients of this sandwich is a lot
important for our health and it seems
the link here that positions in this
moment find the possibility of
subscribe to the channel to the channel you are
looking not only at TV wellness and how
last concert I always tell you that if
you are interested in what you like
I'll tell you you can write apple tree there
like digit armela i like it on that link
that you find below
in the video description where my
link to my facebook page and you can
I like to follow all the videos
which I am continually publishing on
issues that as far as reading how
these are certainly useful for the
health of all of us and therefore I wait for you
the next video in a little while